Pickup Lines
I don't Know
"I don't know who you are. I don't know what you are looking for... If you are looking for a hookup, I can tell you i do not want that. But what i do have are a very particular set of skills. Skills i have acquired over a very long time... Skills that make me a delight for people like you. If you hate my icebreaker, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you. But if you do, I may ask you to coffee..."

Alexandra

Pickup Lines
I had a puppy once
"I had a puppy once, I loved him, you know why, CAUSE WE BOTH HAD TINY DING DONGS, we loved each other, he loved my nipples and i loved his... I ran him over today with my SUV, you know how hard it is to live with that, I'm a fucking wreck, can't eat, can't sleep, my life is in shambles... so tell me about you..."

Annette

Pickup Lines
It's all about you, baby!
"I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together...They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you... For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on... Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers."

Helplessly_in_love

Pickup Lines
Fell for you
"Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you... you remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!... Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine..."

Anonymous

Product Pitch
A traveling mobile education system
"I want to start a mobile school that visits such villages around the year, camps there for a few months & we teach both children & grown ups. Curriculum would include not only basic education but also vocational training, so people can work/earn their living & can fight poverty. Mobile schools-workshops."

Sagarika Paul

Product Pitch
Skill-Swap
"Skill-Swap' is a marketplace where people trade services with one another to help achieve their goals. 'I'll build your website if you do my accounting?"

Daniel Martin

Product Pitch
Rivvibe "The Hydration Experience"
"An all natural, low sodium, low sugar, anti-inflammatory sports tea. Husband/Wife team with over 15 years professional business experience."

Brian LaBlanc

Interview Pitch
Main problem facing penguins today
“Did you know that broken beaks from trying to eat frozen fish is the number one problem facing penguins today? Their issue isn’t that it’s not cold enough for them to keep their fish fresh, it’s that it’s too cold. I knew that by putting their fish in our double insulated hermetically sealed refrigerators instead of the traditional snow bank..."

Christopher Mallow

Interview Pitch
A city of tiny houses for the hurting
"To have land where tiny houses are built. It's for people who leave abuse and have nowhere to go. That way when they have no one in their life anymore, there is a safe spot for them to get back on their feet. So they don't have to go back or lose hope."

Sydney Paul

Promotion Pitch
Greenhouse prisons producing chefs out of inmates
"Turning prisons into greenhouses, utilizing low-risk prisoners as groundskeepers and gardeners, simultaneously educating them to become chefs as rehabilitation into poverty-heavy cities."

Bryce Struck

Promotion Pitch
Replace tombstones with trees
"New type of cemetery that replaces tombstones with trees to lower funeral costs, give back to the environment, and bring new life to death."

Charlie Haritos
